hello again everybody um if you are
watching the coin dedications video or
coin tricks video I have then you would
see that I have these three one-dollar
bill rings I'm going to teach you how to
make these um all you need is a 105 or a
ten-dollar bill okay for this I'm going
to use a five ok I'm going to stop the
video right here for about 10 seconds so
you can go get that ok you got it ok so
I'm going to now um this how you do it
you take it and you fold down you fold
up the bottom margin ok fold up the
bottom margin so you have this ok now
we're you're going to do is you fold
this down but not all the way you want
to leave this a little hair of space ok
ok see that it's a little air ok then
you fold it down again but fold it
completely over so you have this and you
flip it over and if you have a
five-dollar bill then you would fold it
up to about the V in five ok are about
half the I if you like this ok if you
have a one-dollar bill you would fold it
up to about halfway through the N + 1 ok
so you have this and then you fold it
over once more like this like just like
that so now you have this ok now we're
going to do is you're going to take this
if you have a one-dollar bill then you
just fold the margin but for me I have a
five so you
you just fold this margin to where the
five is so just like that okay can you
see that right there okay to have a fold
okay so now what you're going to do is
you're going to flip it over and you're
going to pinch it like this on your left
fingers you're going to arm you're going
to wrap it wrap it around your at your
left index finger just like this and
pinch it now what you're going to do is
you're going to take this part thats
hanging off the vertical part and fold
it down okay now you have this and
you're going to take this part the
horizontal part and fold it over and see
this crease you're going to fold it over
that ok just like that so now what
you're going to have is lips then what
you do is you have this little you can't
really see it what if you look inside
the ring on the top part you have a
diagonal part and you just fold the
corner of it inside of that it's like
this okay and once you got that increase
it and you'll have your money ring okay
thank you very much and